Improve documentation (#86)
vCloud-DFTBA/faythe: docs/autoscaling.md

| actions.type       | body | string  | false    | http    | The type of action.                                                                                                                                                                              |
| actions.method     | body | string  | false    | POST    | The HTTP method                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| actions.attempts   | body | integer | false    | 10      | The count of retry.                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | actions.delay      | body | string  | false    | 100ms   | The delay between retries, re. the format please refer [note](./note.md#time-durations).                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| actions.delay      | body | string  | false    | 100ms   | The delay between retries. Please refer [note](./note.md#time-durations) for formats.                                                                                                         |
```
